Husband, you went to see Shen Hanshuang
That's a big shot
Yes, when he and I were in school in Yanjing
Very good relationship
I specifically asked him for three invitations
grandma
Top rich stuff like this
I think you must be interested
Haha, it's still filial piety and filial piety.
Hahaha husband
You are too amazing
The little pig really gave our Lin family face
Amazing
brother-in-law
You are too awesome
Not only do you know Shen Hanshuang
You can still get an invitation.
Unlike some people
With brother-in-law
It's a world of difference
Tang Jun, you said you know Shen Hanshuang
Do I need to tell you if I know you?
No need for that.
But why didn't I know you knew my sister?
Trash, you took the wrong medicine, right?
Shen Hanshuang is your sister, why don't you go to heaven?
Sister, I advise you to leave as soon as possible
This guy is not just trash
Give it to me
It's too deep, I haven't used your Lin family at all
None of you have the right to speak of him
Brother Shen
You said Shen and you said it was your sister
Then you definitely don't want him
If you don't have these invitations
I took my head off.
Let you treat me as nothing
You hey you I don't need an invitation
So I was invited in.
Tell you
Holding a few fake engravings to write
If you can get in
I read and write upside down.